c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\application.json
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\PillsReminder.dll.config
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\PillsReminder.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\PillsReminder.pdb
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Lime.Messaging.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Lime.Protocol.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Lime.Protocol.Serialization.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Lime.Transport.Tcp.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\mhh.exe
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\SmartFormat.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Takenet.Iris.Messaging.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Takenet.MessagingHub.Client.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Takenet.MessagingHub.Client.Template.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\SmartFormat.pdb
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\SmartFormat.xml
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.xml
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Takenet.Iris.Messaging.pdb
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\bin\Debug\Topshelf.xml
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\obj\Debug\PillsReminder.dll
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\obj\Debug\PillsReminder.pdb
c:\users\karla.fortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PillsReminder\PillsReminder\obj\Debug\PillsReminder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
